Our Bai family is big
How could it be worse than your salary?
Yes, yes, your Bai family is the most amazing
Are you still trying to scare us?
Say you are the daughter of the Bai family
Now it's the old lady who has money, not you
I heard the old lady is pissed off by you
The money is left to Ouyan
Your parents were also caught in the orange
I also heard
Your family pays millions in interest every month
You can't afford it at all
And look at yourself
Do you still look like a fresh lady?
Your shit is hidden until night
Shame on you.
It usually looks pretty pure
I didn't expect to play well behind the scenes?
you
I suggest you order some bread
Hurry up and give us our work
Otherwise, we won't let you go.
Usually drink us around
I didn't expect it.
It's not as good as us today
It is. It is.
My necklace is worth 100,000
The more will be given to you.
Who knows if this necklace is real or fake?
What if it's a fake necklace?
You're trying to fool us with this fake
You dead girl movie
That's a lot of bad ideas.
Not only this
And you have to keep the bracelet on your hand.
Come on.
Let's go
You wait for me.